ref(sourcemaps): added faulty community-maintained packages to troubleshooting doc (#12915)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/sourcemaps/troubleshooting/javascript.mdx

If you are uploading source maps to Sentry or if you are using a Sentry SDK in the browser, your code cannot use the `source-map-support` package.
`source-map-support` overwrites the captured stack trace in a way that prevents our source map processors from correctly parsing it.

> ### Third-Party Integrations
> In rare cases, faulty integrations may modify the error sent to Sentry, causing essential information to be lost and preventing Sentry from displaying the source map. Temporarily disable third-party [integrations](../../../docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/index.mdx) to rule out this possibility.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this slightly to make the 3rd party aspect more clear and widen the scope a bit (e.g. there are some community-maintained Sentry middlewares or entire SDKs out there)

```suggestion
### Third-Party Integrations
In rare cases, faulty or outdated third-party integrations may modify the error sent to Sentry, causing essential information to be lost and preventing Sentry from displaying the source map. If you're using a third party integration or other community-maintained packages, try to temporarily disable them to rule out this possibility.
```
